Create support.md (#2606)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/policies/support.md

> ## **Azure SDK lifecycle and support policy**

Reviewer: You will need to add a header in this file similar to:
```
---
title: "Policies: Support"
permalink: policies_support.html
folder: policies
sidebar: general_sidebar
---
```

Author: Added

Azure SDK Lifecycle and support are governed by the latest [Online Service Terms document](https://www.microsoftvolumelicensing.com/Downloader.aspx?documenttype=OST&lang=English) and [Microsoft Modern Lifecycle Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/lifecycle/policies/modern),  which will prevail in case of any conflicts with the information below. 

### **Package lifecycle** 
Here are the stages of a typical package lifecycle (for major versions)

> 1.	**Pre-release/ Preview / Beta** – new SDK is available for early access and feedback purposes and should not be used in production.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	**Pre-release/Preview/Beta** – A new SDK is available for early access and feedback purposes and should not be used in production.  
```

> 1.	**Pre-release/ Preview / Beta** – new SDK is available for early access and feedback purposes and should not be used in production.  

Author: Updated as suggested

> The preview version support is limited to GitHub issues and response time is not guaranteed. Preview releases live typically for less than 1 year , after which either retired or released to GA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preview version support is limited to GitHub issues and response time is not guaranteed. Preview releases live typically for less than 1 year, after which they are either retired or released to GA.
```

> 2.	**Active** - The SDKs are Generally Available and fully supported, will receive new feature updates, as well as bug and security fixes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.	**Active** - The SDKs are generally available and fully supported, will receive new feature updates, as well as bug and security fixes.  
```

The major version will remain active for at least 12 months from the release date. Compatible updates for the major release are provided through minor versions, or patch versions.  

> Customers encouraged to use the latest minor version, and only the latest minor version will get fixes and updates.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers are encouraged to use the latest version as that is the version that will get fixes and updates.  
```

> 3.	**Maintenance**- Typically, maintenance mode is announced at the same time as the next major version is transitioned to GA/Active,  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.	**Maintenance** - Typically, maintenance mode is announced at the same time as the next major version is transitioned to Active,  
```

after which the releases will only address the most critical bug fixes and security fixes for at least another 12 months.  

> 4.	**Released to the community** –SDK will no longer receive updates from Microsoft unless specified otherwise in the separate customer agreement.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.	**Released to the community** - SDK will no longer receive updates from Microsoft unless otherwise specified in the separate customer agreement.  
```

> 4.	**Released to the community** –SDK will no longer receive updates from Microsoft unless specified otherwise in the separate customer agreement.  

Reviewer 2: Consider a one word state like the rest, maybe Community

Author: Updated

The package will remain available via public package managers and the GitHub repo, which can be maintained by the community.  

You can check the lifecycle stage for your package at [this page](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/index.html)  

### **Azure Clouds** 
By default, the Azure libraries are configured to connect to the Global Azure Cloud.  
Additional cloud target platforms are available, such as Azure Stack, Azure China and Government Cloud.  
Package lifecycle may vary across different target platforms. Refer to the target platform documentation for more information.   

### **Azure SDK dependencies**
The Azure SDK libraries depend on Azure Service REST API, programming language runtime, OS, and third-party libraries.  
The Azure SDK will not guarantee support of dependencies that reached their end of life.  

Below is a list of common Azure SDK dependencies for your reference: 

> **Operating Systems:** Windows 10, macOS-10.15 , Linux (tested on Ubuntu 18.04)  See test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json).   

Reviewer: It looks like you specified .NET as an example of the OS configurations while it is an example the OS configurations might vary across languages. So perhaps just listing OS's and runtimes for convenience. Then add another section that links to the official test matrix files for each language saying that those are the officially supported set.

Author: Updated as suggested

For Mobile development: iOS version 13+, Android API level 21+

**Runtime:** 
* Any platforms supporting .NET Standard 2.0. Tested on .NET Framework 4.6.1 and .NET Core 2.1, .NET 5.0, see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Java: Java 8 , Java 11, see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* JS/TS: Node 8.x,10.x,12.x,14.x , see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  

> * Python 3.5+, 2.7 , see configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  

Reviewer 3: Should Python say "see test configuration" like you do for Java and JS/TS (instead of "see configuration")?

Author: Updated

> * Go runtime– we support 2 latest major Go releases, refer to  https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html for more details.”

Reviewer: Do we want to list the others like C/C++/android/iOS?

Author: Yes, do you have this information @weshaggard ?

Reviewer: @RickWinter could you help provide some info c/c++?

@tjprescott could you help provide some information for ios/android?

Reviewer 4: For iOS:
https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/ios_design.html#ios-library-support

Author: @tjprescott is it worth mentioning patch and minor releases for people who consume the library? Would it be enough to say that we support the 2 last major releases of IOS per https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201222?

### **Support**:

> Customers with support plan can open the Azure Support ticket [here](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fazure.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fsupport%2Fcreate-ticket%2F&data=04%7C01%7CElena.Raikhman%40microsoft.com%7C144b66f8b5c0490f3cbe08d8d765b744%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C637496179151201463%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C1000&sdata=Ie8gcF%2B0sRcrS25b28XKQcogcUr90NNXRcXXqwYrBz8%3D&reserved=0)  

Reviewer: Is this the correct link? It looks like it is an outlook protected link.

Author: Updated

> We also use GitHub Issues to track bugs and feature requests. GitHub issues are free, but may take a longer time to process.   

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the github issues pages of our repos?

Author: added

**Operating Systems:** Windows 10, macOS-10.15 , Linux (tested on Ubuntu 18.04) 
For Mobile development: iOS version 13+, Android API level 21+

**Runtime:** 
* Any platforms supporting .NET Standard 2.0. Tested on .NET Framework 4.6.1 and .NET Core 2.1, .NET 5.0, see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Java: Java 8 , Java 11, see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* JS/TS: Node 8.x,10.x,12.x,14.x , see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Python 3.5+, 2.7 , see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Go runtime– we support 2 latest major Go releases, refer to  https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html for more details.”

### **Support**:
Customers with support plan can open the Azure Support ticket [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/create-ticket/)  

> We also use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk) to track bugs and feature requests. GitHub issues are free, but may take a longer time to process.   

Reviewer: Should we point folks at the table at https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/README.md to find the repo for the given language for filing issues?

Author: Updated

**Runtime:** 
* Any platforms supporting .NET Standard 2.0. Tested on .NET Framework 4.6.1 and .NET Core 2.1, .NET 5.0, see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Java: Java 8 , Java 11, see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* JS/TS: Node 8.x,10.x,12.x,14.x , see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Python 3.5+, 2.7 , see test configuration [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/eng/pipelines/templates/stages/platform-matrix.json)  
* Go runtime– we support 2 latest major Go releases, refer to  https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html for more details.”
* For C, refer to the list of supported platforms and compilers [here](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/clang_design.html)

### **Support**:
Customers with support plan can open the Azure Support ticket [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/create-ticket/)  

> You can open a GitHub ussues [in the Azure SDK GitHub repositories](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/README.md)  to track bugs and feature requests. GitHub issues are free, but may take a longer time to process.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open a GitHub issues [in the Azure SDK GitHub repositories](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/README.md)  to track bugs and feature requests. GitHub issues are free, but may take a longer time to process.   
```
